Photons are key to travelling faster than light, they hold a property to transmit a force 10,000 times faster than c, if we can build a transmitter and receiver from this effect then that will revolutionise Interplanetary communication!

Time is not linear; consciousness survives short pulses of non-existence it should be possible to explore the universe without a body. However long periods of time without a body causes oblivion, unless your consciousness travels to a body in time you won't remember anything of your journey, I suffer from Cotard's syndrome...

The speed of light is not constant everywhere on earth by one observer, Superoscillation creates a wormhole from the multiverse and transmits energy, sometimes it is in our universe and other times it is in another. This corridor can be controlled and stabilised for the transfer of light, teleportation requires entanglement and encoding of information.


Any sensor travelling at the speed of light will measure distortions of existence similar to quantum background fluctuations where massive objects can simply just disappear.


Particles at the speed of light going through objects, such as a double slit can seperate quantum particles from other particles and display erratic behavior until they are recombined somewhere else. This means photons are made up of smaller particles that defy conventional physics...


Baryonic asymmetric force multiplier: Consists of a baryonic superposition waveguide inertial scoop and measurement apparatus to produce superfluous momentum. This only requires superpositional atoms to be catapulted onto the metamaterial to generate superfluous momentum...


Time dilation of entangled photons between two points in alternate time like curves creates futuristic information. This may be applied to multiverses and eventually AGI.


Informatic time machine:
Separate multiple Bose-Einstein condensates made with laser cooling and induce time dilation in half of the masses by high speed transportation and have the dynamic masses measured using time division multiplexing upon a specific environmental trigger to produce multiple anti-correlations, the static mass will have the information encoded within multiple temporal partitions with the specific anti-correlations made by the dynamic masses; cross-referenced with statistical noise, thus the result of the experiment is probably correct.
Chronotron design: A discharge tube using cooled lithium gas as a Bose-Einstein condensate accelerated by induction coils to research time dilation.
Chronotron paradox mitigation, just don't send a signal if it doesn't succeed, that way there will only be a paradox when it succeeds.
Time dilation of entangled photons between two points in alternate time-like curves creates futuristic information. This may be applied to multiverses and eventually AGI.

RP=SCF+D
Retroactive precognition = spatial cognition forensics + distance
It is possible to remember deployable precognitive machines.


therefore time can be manipulated...

Geometry exists without matter, are photons matter? Therefore, there are geometries to photons, even where they are not positioned, that means spacetime has geometry...

Truth is only perceivable by recurring patterns of nature. To investigate those patterns is intelligence.

Time leads to apathy.

In the double slit experiment, the wave packet is capable of pushing empty space around it at specific energy levels where the wave packet negotiates transit for other wave packets...

Consciousness arises from dreams, if for example you were cloned and spent your life in a vat and started dreaming your memories, and later forgot the difficult part of processing memories with antipsychotics and woke up one morning, you would be conscious of yourself no matter who is cloned.

I believe our shortcomings regarding the double slit experiment are blocking the fundamentals of particle beam technology. Lasers that project mass at the speed of light.

If the photoelectric effect is enabled at different locations within a wave function, using solar panels for measurement. You may be able to witness wave function collapse and do multiple experiments. The double slit will cause the beam's interference pattern, if the solar panel measures the photon, the wave function will collapse the beam to a bilinear state. The photons should teleport. a light valve or resistor can be added to the solar panel that would enable/disable measurement. then spooky action at a distance can occur. If the above does not work it is possible to try a light valve and polarizer setup, for wave function collapse...


The most interesting thing about this device is the ability to create paradoxes according to Einstein. Stand in the middle and watch wacky behavior with illogical events, very counter-intuitive... That is how crazy people with false beliefs of reality are made... I suppose it is not their fault because it is actually existence. Weird things happen to time. For example you can never analyze distant signals classically. if the speed of light is a universal aspect of reality then a length of space time is unchanging if you communicate something faster than the speed of light to another place instantly it would communicate something to the past, i.e. no time dilation. Time for a time machine. If this works I will buy some fiber optic cable enough to lasso the moon, then gamble. Then two places can have two different timelines, two different multiverses. Depending where you are when the time machine activates, imagine being an illogical impossibility?


The past does not exist, memory performance is measured by disentanglement of entropy...


If a mobius tape drive contained a program on it that spun the drive at an infinitely variable rate with programmable synchronous decumulation, this device could retrieve encrypted information at the end of the program after a specific amount of time. To program it is to produce a random seed and create a key after the final result, then reset the device.


A petrichorial spacetime signature emanates from paradoxes and teleportation.


This time machine can transmit information into the past, the only way it could work is with an extremely long fiber optic cable with each end component as far away from each other as possible... (The entirety of the universe does not all exist at the same time. Time is not absolute...)


http://www.maximintegrated.com/.../MAX11046/MAX11131BOB.html
sample rate of 333ns
I calculate the temporal shift to be a 0.333564095198 microsecond shift per 100m.
So the device requires a distance of ~150m to obtain sufficient data using the above sampling technology. Time is not absolute. A wormhole into the past... The wormhole will connect 0.5 microseconds into the past and be 150 meters in length.
I will attempt this early next year...

a homogenic delta will improve thinking.


It is possible to send messages to the past using quantum entanglement, but it cannot co-occur in just one location. If you send a quantum signal then measure the result classically over a large distance, the time stamp would be before the clock starts. Therefore, the entirety of the universe does not all exist at the same time.
This time machine can transmit information into the past, the only way it could work is with an extremely long fiber optic cable with each end component as far away from each other as possible... (The entirety of the universe does not all exist at the same time. Time is not absolute...)
https://www.cairnselectronics.com.au/stm32f103c8t6-blue...
excellent sample rate... I calculate a 100 meter distance will have a time dilation of 333.564095198152 ns, detectable using the above hardware. To achieve causal drift requires multiple systems.
For simple wormhole capability requires an 1xN Ultra-Fast Optical Switch (with nanosecond delay) and fiber optic inline polariser.
Once the user changes the past, the past will change the distant present only, therefore the user should get a signal from the future if positioned correctly.

The EPR bridge converts energy into negative energy to other locations and since energy cannot be destroyed the universe must dilate time, and since entanglement is faster than the speed of light, time must flow backwards proportionate to the amount of negative energy. It is possible to encode information into negative energy... And negative energy can be amplified for increased time reversal.


If pure energy is converted into entropy, then pure energy can also produce momentum.


The time machine requires continuity calibration for the retro causal time division multiplexing of the exact experimental parameters to ensure the quantum signal and the information has verifiable integrity... The system likely results in paradox free time travel because the device cannot change the temporal destination required for the time division multiplexing once initiated therefore there is no parallel universe.... If you send details of a gamble to the past, you will find the details in the cache before you make the gamble... One more thing to make it valid, manipulate the random seed until you receive a confirmation from the cache and only send information once you receive the confirmation, therefore the result will always be sent if the gamble pays off.


Send logic to the past to circumvent linear emotion?

Because time and velocity are mutual, entanglement communicates to the past.

The wormhole epoch is the temporal retrograde of entanglement.


checklist for time machine:
perform test entanglement at each stage.
setup time division multiplexing.
calibrate geometry for unitary operator.
maximise wormhole epoch.
setup API.
profit.

An average desktop computer capable of 10 billion operations per second can achieve approximately 100 trillion operations per two seconds, using subspace folding and deterministic computation mapping. If N=NP then you can use this to mine crypto at about 50TH/s regardless of what algorithm you support.

The wormhole geometry needs to be greater than c, (wg > c) to create a wormhole epoch without reverberation.

If money seems to be "double spent" via strange maths, then it is referred to as a CP violation. You cannot spend hypothetical currency.
